---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_baremetal_server Data Source - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_baremetal_server (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the server
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `server_id` (String) The ID of the server
- `zone` (String) The zone you want to attach the resource to

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Some description to associate to the server, max 255 characters
- `domain` (String)
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the server
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `install_config_afterward` (Boolean) If True, this boolean allows to create a server without the install config if you want to provide it later
- `ips` (List of Object) IP addresses attached to the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ips))
- `ipv4` (List of Object) IPv4 addresses attached to the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (List of Object) IPv6 addresses attached to the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6))
- `offer` (String) ID or name of the server offer
- `offer_id` (String) ID of the server offer
- `offer_name` (String) Name of the server offer
- `options` (Set of Object) The options to enable on server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `organization_id` (String) The organization_id you want to attach the resource to
- `os` (String) The base image of the server
- `os_name` (String) The base image name of the server
- `password` (String) Password used for the installation.
- `private_network` (Set of Object) The private networks to attach to the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_network))
- `reinstall_on_config_changes` (Boolean) If True, this boolean allows to reinstall the server on SSH key IDs, user or password changes
- `service_password` (String) Password used for the service to install.
- `service_user` (String) User used for the service to install.
- `ssh_key_ids` (List of String) Array of SSH key IDs allowed to SSH to the server

**NOTE** : If you are attempting to update your SSH key IDs, it will induce the reinstall of your server. 
If this behaviour is wanted, please set 'reinstall_on_ssh_key_changes' argument to true.
- `tags` (List of String) Array of tags to associate with the server
- `user` (String) User used for the installation.

<a id="nestedatt--ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ips`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `reverse` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `reverse` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `reverse` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--private_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_network`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `vlan` (Number)
