---
subcategory: "Key Manager"
page_title: "Scaleway: scaleway_key_manager_generate_data_key"
---

# scaleway_key_manager_generate_data_key (Ephemeral Resource)

The [`scaleway_key_manager_generate_data_key`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/latest/docs/ephemeral-resource/key_manager_generate_data_key) ephemeral resource creates a new data encryption key for cryptographic operations outside of Key Manager. The data encryption key is encrypted and must be decrypted using the key you have created in Key Manager.

The data encryption key is returned in plaintext and ciphertext but it should only be stored in its encrypted form (ciphertext). Key Manager does not store your data encryption key. To retrieve your key's plaintext, use the Decrypt method with your key's ID and ciphertext.

Refer to the Key Manager [documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/key-manager/) and [API documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/key-manager/) for more information.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_id` (String) ID of the key. Can be a plain UUID or a regional ID.

### Optional

- `region` (String) Region of the key. If not set, the region is derived from the key_id when possible or from the provider configuration.
- `without_plaintext` (Boolean) Defines whether to return the data encryption key's plaintext in the response object. Default value is false, meaning that the plaintext is returned. Set it to true if you do not wish the plaintext to be returned in the response object.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm with which the data encryption key will be used to encrypt and decrypt arbitrary payloads (AES-256-GCM).
- `ciphertext` (String) Data encryption key ciphertext. Your data encryption key's ciphertext can be stored safely. It can only be decrypted through the keys you create in Key Manager, using the relevant key ID.
- `created_at` (String) Data encryption key creation date. (RFC 3339 format)
- `plaintext` (String, Sensitive) Data encryption key plaintext. Your data encryption key's plaintext allows you to use the key immediately upon creation. It must neither be stored or shared.


