---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_container Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace_id` (String) The container namespace associated

### Optional

- `cpu_limit` (Number) The amount of vCPU computing resources to allocate to each container. Defaults to 70.
- `deploy` (Boolean) This allows you to control your production environment
- `description` (String) The container description
- `environment_variables` (Map of String) The environment variables to be injected into your container at runtime.
- `http_option` (String) HTTP traffic configuration
- `max_concurrency` (Number) The maximum the number of simultaneous requests your container can handle at the same time. Defaults to 50.
- `max_scale` (Number) The maximum of number of instances this container can scale to. Default to 20.
- `memory_limit` (Number) The memory computing resources in MB to allocate to each container. Defaults to 128.
- `min_scale` (Number) The minimum of running container instances continuously. Defaults to 0.
- `name` (String) The container name
- `port` (Number) The port to expose the container. Defaults to 8080
- `privacy` (String) The privacy type define the way to authenticate to your container
- `protocol` (String) The communication protocol http1 or h2c. Defaults to http1.
- `region` (String) The region you want to attach the resource to
- `registry_image` (String) The scaleway registry image address
- `registry_sha256` (String) The sha256 of your source registry image, changing it will re-apply the deployment. Can be any string
- `secret_environment_variables` (Map of String, Sensitive) The secret environment variables to be injected into your container at runtime.
- `status` (String) The container status
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum amount of time in seconds during which your container can process a request before we stop it. Defaults to 300s.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cron_status` (String) The cron status
- `domain_name` (String) The native container domain name.
- `error_message` (String) The error description
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
