---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_function Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `handler` (String) Handler of the function. Depends on the runtime https://developers.scaleway.com/en/products/functions/api/#create-a-function
- `namespace_id` (String) The namespace ID associated with this function
- `privacy` (String) Privacy of the function. Can be either `private` or `public`
- `runtime` (String) Runtime of the function

### Optional

- `deploy` (Boolean) Define if the function should be deployed, terraform will wait for function to be deployed
- `description` (String) The description of the function
- `environment_variables` (Map of String) The environment variables of the function
- `http_option` (String) HTTP traffic configuration
- `max_scale` (Number) Maximum replicas for your function (defaults to 20), our system will scale your functions automatically based on incoming workload, but will never scale the number of replicas above the configured max_scale.
- `memory_limit` (Number) Memory limit in MB for your function, defaults to 128MB
- `min_scale` (Number) Minimum replicas for your function, defaults to 0, Note that a function is billed when it gets executed, and using a min_scale greater than 0 will cause your function to run all the time.
- `name` (String) The name of the function
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `region` (String) The region you want to attach the resource to
- `secret_environment_variables` (Map of String, Sensitive) The secret environment variables to be injected into your function at runtime.
- `timeout` (Number) Holds the max duration (in seconds) the function is allowed for responding to a request
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zip_file` (String) Location of the zip file to upload containing your function sources
- `zip_hash` (String) The hash of your source zip file, changing it will re-apply function. Can be any string

### Read-Only

- `cpu_limit` (Number) CPU limit in mCPU for your function
- `domain_name` (String) The native function domain name.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization_id you want to attach the resource to

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
