---
subcategory: "IAM"
page_title: "Scaleway: scaleway_iam_saml_certificate"
---

# Resource: scaleway_iam_saml_certificate

Manages SAML certificates for an organization. SAML certificates are used to establish trust between your organization and identity providers. SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) is an open standard for exchanging authentication and authorization data between parties, specifically between an identity provider and a service provider. This resource allows you to manage SAML certificates in your Scaleway organization.



## Example Usage

```terraform
### Enable IAM SAML for the default organization and add a signing certificate

resource "scaleway_iam_saml" "test" {
}

resource "scaleway_iam_saml_certificate" "main" {
  saml_id = scaleway_iam_saml.test.id
  type    = "signing"
  content = "<signing certificate generated by your Identity Provider>"
}
```



## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `content` (Required, String) The content of the SAML certificate
- `type` (Required, String) The type of the SAML certificate. Possible values are: `signing`, `encryption`.
- `organization_id` (Optional, String) The organization ID. If not provided, the default organization configured in the provider is used.
- `saml_id` (Optional, String) The ID of the SAML configuration. If not provided, the organization's SAML configuration is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `expires_at` (String) The expiration date and time of the SAML certificate
- `id` (String) The ID of the SAML certificate
- `origin` (String) The origin of the SAML certificate. Possible values are: `scaleway`, `identity_provider`.
