---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_mnq_sqs_queue Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_mnq_sqs_queue (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) SQS access key
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) SQS secret key

### Optional

- `content_based_deduplication` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable content-based deduplication. Allows omitting the deduplication ID
- `fifo_queue` (Boolean) Whether the queue is a FIFO queue. If true, the queue name must end with .fifo
- `message_max_age` (Number) The number of seconds the queue retains a message.
- `message_max_size` (Number) The maximum size of a message. Should be in bytes.
- `name` (String) The name of the queue. Conflicts with name_prefix.
- `name_prefix` (String) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with name.
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `receive_wait_time_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a message to arrive in the queue before returning.
- `region` (String) The region you want to attach the resource to
- `sqs_endpoint` (String) The sqs endpoint
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `visibility_timeout_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds a message is hidden from other consumers.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `url` (String) The URL of the queue

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
