---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_object_bucket_acl Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_object_bucket_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) The bucket's name or regional ID.

### Optional

- `access_control_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) A configuration block that sets the ACL permissions for an object per grantee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_control_policy))
- `acl` (String) ACL of the bucket: either 'public-read' or 'private'.
- `expected_bucket_owner` (String) The project ID as owner.
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `region` (String) The region you want to attach the resource to

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--access_control_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy`

Required:

- `owner` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration block of the bucket project owner's display organization ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_control_policy--owner))

Optional:

- `grant` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_control_policy--grant))

<a id="nestedblock--access_control_policy--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.owner`

Required:

- `id` (String) The display ID of the project.

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The project ID of the grantee.


<a id="nestedblock--access_control_policy--grant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grant`

Required:

- `permission` (String) Logging permissions assigned to the grantee for the bucket.

Optional:

- `grantee` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration block for the project being granted permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_control_policy--grant--grantee))

<a id="nestedblock--access_control_policy--grant--grantee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grant.grantee`

Required:

- `id` (String) The project ID owner of the grantee.
- `type` (String) Type of grantee. Valid values: `CanonicalUser`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
