---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_redis_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_redis_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `node_type` (String) Type of node to use for the cluster
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the user
- `user_name` (String) Name of the user created when the cluster is created
- `version` (String) Redis version of the cluster

### Optional

- `acl` (Block Set) List of acl rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl))
- `cluster_size` (Number) Number of nodes for the cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the redis cluster
- `private_network` (Block Set) Private network specs details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--private_network))
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `settings` (Map of String) Map of settings to define for the cluster.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags ["tag1", "tag2", ...] attached to a redis cluster
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not TLS is enabled.
- `zone` (String) The zone you want to attach the resource to

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (String) public TLS certificate used by redis cluster, empty if tls is disabled
- `created_at` (String) The date and time of the creation of the Redis cluster
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `public_network` (List of Object) Public network specs details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_network))
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time of the last update of the Redis cluster

<a id="nestedblock--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IPv4 network address of the rule (IP network in a CIDR format).

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the rule.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the rule (UUID format).


<a id="nestedblock--private_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_network`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the private network to be connected to the cluster

Optional:

- `service_ips` (List of String) List of IPv4 addresses of the private network with a CIDR notation

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_id` (String) UUID of the endpoint to be connected to the cluster
- `zone` (String) The zone of the resource


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--public_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `ips` (List of String)
- `port` (Number)
