---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scaleway_vpc_public_gateway_dhcp Resource - terraform-provider-scaleway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scaleway_vpc_public_gateway_dhcp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet` (String) Subnet for the DHCP server

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address of the DHCP server. This will be the gateway's address in the private network. Defaults to the first address of the subnet
- `dns_local_name` (String) TLD given to hostnames in the Private Network. Allowed characters are `a-z0-9-.`. Defaults to the slugified Private Network name if created along a GatewayNetwork, or else to `priv`.
- `dns_search` (List of String) Additional DNS search paths.
- `dns_servers_override` (List of String) Override the DNS server list pushed to DHCP clients, instead of the gateway itself.
- `enable_dynamic` (Boolean) Whether to enable dynamic pooling of IPs. By turning the dynamic pool off, only pre-existing DHCP reservations will be handed out. Defaults to true.
- `pool_high` (String) High IP (included) of the dynamic address pool. Defaults to the last address of the subnet.
- `pool_low` (String) Low IP (included) of the dynamic address pool. Defaults to the second address of the subnet.
- `project_id` (String) The project_id you want to attach the resource to
- `push_default_route` (Boolean) Whether the gateway should push a default route to DHCP clients or only hand out IPs. Defaults to true.
- `push_dns_server` (Boolean) Whether the gateway should push custom DNS servers to clients. This allows for instance hostname -> IP resolution. Defaults to true.
- `rebind_timer` (Number) After how long, in seconds, a DHCP client will query for a new lease if previous renews fail. Must be 30s lower than `valid_lifetime`. Defaults to 51m (3060s).
- `renew_timer` (Number) After how long, in seconds, a renew will be attempted. Must be 30s lower than `rebind_timer`. Defaults to 50m (3000s).
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) For how long, in seconds, will DHCP entries will be valid. Defaults to 1h (3600s).
- `zone` (String) The zone you want to attach the resource to

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time of the creation of the public gateway.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization_id you want to attach the resource to
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time of the last update of the public gateway.
